Hey, Nickelodeon at Roundhouse! We're pretty psyched about hosting Snick Live!
Hey, cool live! You know, live spell backwards is evil!
It's spelled inside out, it's file!
Snick Live with Roundhouse, tonight starting at 8-7 Central only on Nickelodeon.
I wondered about who invented those million little thingamajiggies we use in our daily lives.
I mean, someone had to think...
I'm so sick of paper being a solid.
What if it was a gas? Or a liquid?
Yeah, a liquid!
Liquid paper!
Wow! Seems like anyone can invent stuff.
So, Mr. Hippelhop assigned a project to market an environmentally safe product?
I thought it sounded manageable.
But I haven't managed to come up with anything I like.
So far, I've rejected wash-and-wear rollerblades.
Chusagi.
Edible newspapers.
Too pulpy.
What about a solar-powered tanning booth?
Let's see.
Solar-powered tanning booth.
Stop me when it sounds redundant or absolutely stupid.
Well, that's my hottest idea so far.
Maybe inventing isn't as easy as it looks.
Too bad no one's ever come up with an invention that invents things.
Hey, now that's an idea!
Whatcha makin'?
I need just some Hell Snacks, but I'd use it some odds and ends.
Odds and ends. Too many odds and ends.
That's a problem, right?
Not a huge problem. Why?
I had to come up with an environmentally safe product for school.
I'm trying to think of a new product that solves an old problem,
and then I have to try to market it around town.
Well, try some ideas out on me.
All my ideas stink.
Let me hear one.
A solar-powered tanning booth.
Wouldn't that be a little redundant?
That's why it stinks, Mom.
Here, taste this and tell me how you like it.
What's in it?
Just good stuff.
Hmm, I can't believe it. These are great.
Really? Not bad, is it?
I need something, though.
Coconut!
That's it.
Oh, but they're already setting.
Oh, I guess it's a little light to mix this in.
Well, put it on top.
No, here, even better.
Roll in a ball.
And then roll it in the coconut.
Ah, that is really good.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sick.
What's wrong, Ferguson?
Is it a coal, flu?
I'm sick.
Come here, sweetheart.
Oh, you do feel a little warm.
Let's have a look at your throat.
Oh, I guess we'll be going to see Dr. Festersfield.
I'm sick.
You're taking it so well, too.
All right, all right, this is pathetic.
You want some tea with honey and lemon?
And some of those little cookies that look like elves.
I'll see if there are any left.
Okay, we've gotten an appointment.
You know, sweetie, you're just like your dad.
This is the third bad sore throat you've had this season.
I know. Why me?
Maybe we ought to think about getting your tonsils out.
Tonsils?
Me? No way.
Mom, these tonsils are mine.
Well, maybe you feel a lot better with them out.
Oh, once you start down that road, there's no turning back.
First the tonsils go, then the adenoids, then the appendix.
Sure, they say it's a meaningless organ.
You never know. I mean, next thing you know,
I'll be walking around without a spleen.
Oh, Ferguson, you're delirious.
Then some crazy doctor will try to transplant a baboon's heart,
a cat's liver, duct tape.
What is he talking about?
Sis, hang on to your organs.
I promise.
Ferguson, we're out of elf cookies, but here, try one of these.
What's in those, rubber cement?
That is so strange. I wonder what makes it bounce like that.
Oh, it could be the guar gum.
Let me try that.
Mom, these are great.
Did you say these are all healthy?
100% organic.
Environmentally friendly.
Tastes like a dream, and hey, it bounces.
Some things are invented to solve a problem,
but some are invented just for fun.
Mom, do you have any problem with me
marketing these for my school project?
Of course not. Why would I?
Well, you made them.
Well, if you helped, you turned them into balls
and you discovered that they bounce.
Yeah, you're right.
I think I'll call them bouncy balls.
Yeah, bouncy balls.
I have a feeling this is going to be one sweet deal.
Have you decided on the project yet?
I thought I did, but it's not going so well.
Why? What's your product?
You know how people are always talking about conserving water?
Sure.
I thought, what if when you take a bath,
you put one of those big cement bricks in the tub?
In the tub?
See, it displaces a bunch of water,
so you use less, and you still get a nice full tub.
Oh, I get you.
The trouble is, no one wants to take a bath with a brick.
I'm sorry, Sam.
Me too.
People are so lacking in vision.
I wonder if Eli Whitney had this problem with the cotton gin.
No, I bet they loved him.
I bet they raved about that stupid cotton gin.
I think you're taking this a little too personally.
Clarissa, the bath brick is me, okay?
We'll be gavey.
So how's the bouncy ball campaign going?
Well, the response has been a little overwhelming.
I went around to businesses this afternoon,
and three of them actually wanted to put in orders for bouncy balls.
No way. Which three?
The Healthy Hardway, the Dandy Candy Store, and Bubba's Rib Shack.
Bubba's Rib Shack? That was on your possible client list?
Well, Bubba was buying wax lips at Dandy Candy,
and I gave him a free sample. He loved it.
Wow, real orders.
Yeah, too bad we didn't make enough to fill them.
Why don't you?
What?
Fill the orders.
You mean go into business? Could we?
Why not? During the depression,
my great-uncle Lester made a fortune selling homemade mascara.
I don't see why you couldn't make a go of bouncy balls.
Going into business for real. That's an idea.
Maybe I'll bounce it off my mom.
Not in a thousand years.
Not if my life depended on it. Not a chance.
What's up?
Well, Ferguson's gonna have to have his tonsils out.
Is that many can't speak for a few days?
Ah, the wonder of modern medicine.
I'm not doing it.
Ferguson, Dr. Festerspoon seems to feel pretty strongly about it.
Festerspoon? That old quack?
I don't want a second opinion.
I said this should come out, too. I had my net when I was eight.
But I'm smack in the middle of my troubled teens.
I refuse to stay overnight in a hospital ward
where they have Barney and BabyBop painted on the walls.
Even if it can have all the ice cream you want?
Real funny.
You know, Ferguson, your sore throats will practically disappear.
That's just propaganda put out by the doctors.
Oh, my throat hurts.
You know, my throat's a little scratchy, too.
How about some bullion?
All right. Okay.
Ah, so how's your project going?
Incredible. People love those bouncy balls.
In fact, some of the stores actually want to put it in orders.
You know, buy them, pay money, loot.
You're kidding.
So, do you think it'd be just crazy to, you know, sell them?
Go into business?
Yeah, listen, Mom, you, me, wholesale, retail, the sales game, what do you think?
Well, Clarissa, that's an awfully big undertaking, and I already have a job.
But doesn't it sound kind of fun?
Yeah, it does, but you sure you want to go into business with your own mother?
I mean, wouldn't that be a little awkward?
Well, it's not like going out on a double date or anything.
I mean, that'd be weird.
Well, I don't even want to think about that.
But what about us actually working together?
I don't think all that uncomfortable mother-daughter stuff is behind us.
I mean, pretty much, don't you think?
Well, it would be kind of fun to have our own business.
So, should we give it a shot?
Yeah, why not go for it?
Any headway with Ferguson?
Well, I told him, you know, I'd go through the operation form
if I hadn't already had my tonsils out.
And?
And I remembered, I never did have my tonsils out.
He's on the phone right now trying to arrange a double operation.
It'll never fly.
Why not?
Actually, Marshal, with all your sore throats, you know, you might want...
I don't want my tonsils out.
Hey, Dad.
Oh, Marshal, we have some big news.
Clarissa and I are going into business together.
We're going to fell bouncy balls.
Oh, that's great.
But, um, why don't you think it's a little weird to eat something
that you've bounced on the floor?
You haven't really been eating them
after they've been on the floor, have you, Dad?
No.
I need more bullion.
So when's our first meeting?
Tonight, after dinner. Are you free?
I'll check my schedule.
Okay, partner.
Got a good feeling about this.
I mean, why shouldn't it work out?
Just think about all those great mother-daughter teams.
Like country music stars Naomi and Winona Judd,
imagine partying on with your mom.
Well, she's my mom.
And she's my daughter.
We're just two girls on the road together.
Who's together?
You're high and low.
When you see a certain boy,
just say hello.
Just say hello.
And what about Queen Elizabeth and the Queen Mom?
Talk about grace under pressure.
And when Judy Garland and her daughter Liza Minnelli
took the stage together,
well, that's entertainment, folks.
And they worked out okay.
Right?
Me and my mom in business?
What could possibly go wrong?
Na na na na na na na na na.
Na na na na na na na.
And now, cause we're live and I can,
I'll touch my tongue to my nose.
Stay tuned for more Clarissa on SNCK
after this.
When it comes to great taste and they go waffles,
nobody likes them more than they might.
Except maybe his long time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in Ego Christ.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious Ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was,
how much Marty Dawson loves him.
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast
that's just too much fun, you'll let go.
Looking for this?
If kids like me were running the world,
I'd be able to jam.
And my big brother would want me on his team.
I'll give you my skateboard.
I'll give you my allowance.
My stereo.
But I'd be in the NBA.
I'd have my own agent.
A million? Try a billion, dawg.
Everyone would want my autograph.
And after games, we go to McDonald's.
Well, I don't know whatever I want,
because I'd have a huge contract.
Give me one of every...
I'd get the cool commercials.
All of the arches.
All premises here, nothing but neck.
Hey, it could happen.
Mr. Franklin, I'm surprised.
I finished my report, sir.
No, I'm referring to your Apple Jacks.
Love them.
Yes, Mr. Williams.
It would.
But it seems to me something called Apple Jacks should...
Tastes like Apple.
Precisely.
Are they supposed to taste like Apple?
Keep eating.
That isn't why we like them.
Enlighten me.
Uh...
We just do.
Yeah!
Kellogg's Apple Jacks stereo is part of this complete breakfast.
We won't be late.
The call can be heard from near and far,
and kids are answering it.
It's Nickelodeon's Legends of the Hidden Temple,
where kids conquer mysterious challenges of mind and body,
scale great heights, and battle mighty foes.
And it's the only show where kids can talk to a rock.
Don't take me for granted.
Heed the call.
And watch every weekday at 5.3430 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Define kids in two seconds.
One, two.
You couldn't even if you had an hour,
because we're all different.
We come in different shapes, different colors.
We like different things.
We go to different schools.
But the one thing that we all have in common is that we're kids.
And just because of that, we all have Nickelodeon.
Nick makes you laugh.
It lets you think.
It lets you know that you can make a difference.
So if you're a kid, by definition,
you belong here with Nickelodeon.
Because Nick is kids.
Hi, Lisa Vale here.
I've always wanted to do this,
and now that we're live, I'm gonna...
Here's my impression of Rosie Perez.
And now back to Clarissa on Snick, right?
So, it's been business as usual here at Bouncy Ball Incorporated.
We've got license to operate.
Happy client.
And Mom and I are getting along just fine.
Really? We're fine.
I mean, all business partners have their disagreements, right?
Okay.
So we got into our first argument over the packaging.
I wanted to put bouncy balls in a see-through globe.
But Mom felt they looked best in a line.
More orderly.
I guess it's okay.
Then we failed to see eye-to-eye on the new flavor.
Mom wanted carob.
I wanted peanut butter, because, come on,
people only eat carob when they're out of chocolate, right?
So we disgusted, democratically, as equals, fair and square.
This is our new flavor.
Carob.
Now we're on to advertising.
Local cable's got great cheap rates,
so we've decided to run an ad.
The only problem is, which ad?
Well, we talked about it.
Mom likes the mellow nutritional approach.
Sometimes, when life gets too hectic,
it's good to get back to nature,
and get some nature back into you, with bouncy balls.
While I prefer a funkier approach.
Write some photos and get some to your dog.
Why do I have the feeling mellow is going to win out?
It's not that my mom doesn't listen to my ideas.
It's just that she gets so excited about her own ideas,
and she's my mom.
I can't compete.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Brought you present.
Your very own bath brick.
Well, thanks.
No one else wanted to try it, except my dad.
Did you like it?
Not really. He stubbed his toe on it.
So how's business going?
Well, we've got plenty of orders.
It's just my mom.
She's not pulling her weight.
Oh, she's doing more than her fair share.
She's doing my fair share, too.
So much for equal partnership.
Clarissa, oh, hi, Samuel.
I just talked to the cable station about the ads,
and we've decided to go to the major campaign.
Isn't this exciting?
Oh, yeah.
See, whenever we have a decision to make,
she gets her opinion.
I give my opinion,
and then we always end up using her opinion.
So if she's bossing you around, shouldn't you just tell her?
I guess I'd better.
You know the tricky thing about having a family business?
How do you deal with your family?
Fester spoons are quack, Janet.
Nobody made you get your throat examined, Marshall.
Ridiculous guy my age, having his tonsils out.
Well, you are just getting over another case of tonsillitis.
I'm a grown-up.
I can handle it.
Do we have any more popsicles left?
I think you ate the last of them, dear.
I'll sit for the hospital, Ferguson.
Almost.
I've just got one thing to take care of.
I, Ferguson W. Darling, being of sound mind and body,
do you hear about...
What is that?
My will.
That's for 75 pages long.
Actually, 82.
Yeah, well, Ferguson, you can read the rest of it to me in the car.
We're supposed to check in by four o'clock.
That is unless, of course, you know, go to Tijuana instead.
Sounds good.
Uh-huh, you guys.
Chris and I will be over this evening to tuck you in.
And tomorrow morning, zero hour.
Oh, don't make me go, Mom.
Oh.
Come on, Ferguson.
I'll see you both later.
So should we go over next week's budget?
Mom, can we talk?
Sure, what is it?
It's a whole partnership.
It feels a little out of balance to me.
How do you mean?
Like, some of us are doing more than others.
Oh, Chris, I don't expect you to put in the hours I do.
You've got school, and that's definitely the priority.
Uh-huh, but I want more input.
Well, you created the whole concept of bouncy balls.
Don't worry, I'm having a really good time doing this.
Mom, I don't think you're hearing me.
Oh, hold that thought.
Hello?
Yes, it is.
Chelsea Chippley?
V, Chelsea Chippley of Health Mountain?
Of course I have.
Your books on wheat gluten are the best.
You would?
Really?
Oh, gee, I guess so.
Um, tomorrow at three?
Okay.
Bye.
You'll never guess who that was.
Chelsea Chippley.
Who's Chelsea Chippley?
Only the owner of Health Mountain.
Oh, the company that makes all that yucky health junk?
It's not junk.
You eat their products every day.
Chelsea tried our bouncy balls.
She wants to buy them and sell them through Health Mountain.
No way!
Yes!
Isn't this exciting?
So there are real advantages to letting Health Mountain
market bouncy balls.
But bouncy balls is our product.
I thought the whole idea of this was that we'd go into business together.
They would be able to sell them on a national level.
Well, so will we one day.
Maybe.
What's Health Mountain gonna do?
Put a bunch of sappy poetry quotes on the label?
Look, I have to insist that we hear Chelsea Chippley out.
And I have to insist you hear me out.
I'm half of this company and I'm not selling.
We'll see.
I don't like this idea.
Mom seems bent on selling and I'm really opposed to it.
Guess we're just gonna have to battle it out between the two of us.
We'll do young one, but you are not yet a gourmet cook.
It is useful to resist.
Don't let yourself be destroyed like Eddie Crofton.
Join me at Health Mountain and together we can end this destructive conflict over the basketball empire.
No, I'll never join you at Health Mountain.
I am your mother and I can make you.
No, it can't be true.
It's impossible.
Join me and together we can rule the snap food world as mother and doctrine.
Come with me.
It is the only way.
I've got to find some way to get through to mom before this whole thing spins out of control.
Well, all's quiet on the bouncy ball front.
Mom and I aren't really speaking to each other.
And what with dad and Ferguson having time select to me,
there isn't a lot of small talk in the Dirling household.
Hey guys, how you feeling?
Dad, here's your tea.
You're having more ice cream?
Doesn't that stuff hurt your throat?
I mean, you had your tonsils out like five hours ago.
Bye, guys.
I'm getting tired of holding up conversation around here.
Oh, that'll be Chelsea Chippley.
I better prepare for war and have one fair.
I'm already outnumbered.
Clarissa, I'd like you to meet Chelsea Chippley.
Hi.
So you're the whiz kid behind bouncy balls, am I?
Please sit down.
It's a pleasure to meet the woman on top of Health Mountain.
It's such a great company.
Hey, it's nice to know that people share our concerns.
I'm very proud of what we stand for, health, nature, good karma,
and bouncy balls will fit in beautifully with our philosophy.
I think so too.
Thank you, Janet.
Clarissa, this is what I'm thinking.
If there's one thing that Health Mountain cares about as much as health, it's kids.
We plan to market bouncy balls as a kid food,
good for kids, made by kids.
Well, thanks, but actually my mom made them.
Oh, oh, that's terrific.
Well, aren't you just a marvel in the kitchen?
But I can't use that.
You, I can use.
We need to open up the wonders of nature to a youthful audience.
We'll put your face on the package.
How about that?
I don't know.
Sounds great, Clarissa.
By the way, where did you try bouncy balls?
The health hideaway?
Oh, no, this cute little place, license plates on the walls, Bubba's rib shack, that's it.
Boy, it's kind of run down, but does that man know his ribs?
Can you eat ribs?
Oh, no.
No, no.
Oh, well, he just said that Bubba makes great ribs.
Well, maybe I had just one little bite, so shoot me, right?
Well, I'm just surprised in your book, My Earth, My Garden,
you're such an advocate of vegetarianism.
Oh, that's right.
Is that something that can flip your mind?
Absolutely not.
Vegetarianism is very important to me.
What about some bouncy balls?
I just made a fresh batch.
Oh, I would love one.
You really do like them, don't you?
Oh, I love them.
They are so sweet.
I mean, you would never believe that's a health food.
Normally, I hate this stuff.
Oh, come on, all those adzuki beans.
Browse, seaweed.
Then why do you run Health Mountain?
Because there are enough granola heads out there to make a killing.
Oh, no offense, Jen.
Anyway, back to business.
I am going to need your signatures on this.
A contract?
Basically, it says that we'll own bouncy balls and all ancillary rights,
including video merchandising, foreign licensing and perpetuity,
in this form and any not yet invented.
And that Clarissa will be needed for consulting and advertising.
And what did you have in mind for me?
Nothing.
Oh, now, don't take it personally with the you thing.
Well, neither of us is going to be much help.
Believe me.
Well, this is an excellent opportunity for you, Clarissa.
I knew you wouldn't stand in the way of your daughter's success.
She's not standing in my way.
We're partners.
We make decisions together, right, Mom?
Oh, please, your mom doesn't care.
Well, actually, yes, I do.
And we care what happens to bouncy balls even if you don't.
Well, well, I guess I'm wasting my time.
As far as I'm concerned, you can take your bouncy balls and bounce them.
I didn't expect Chelsea Chippley to be so unhealthy.
Exactly.
You know, you're right.
It's not much fun being left out of the process.
I guess I got a little taste of my own medicine.
It's OK, Mom.
I wouldn't sell to her in a million years.
Still partners?
Yeah, I think we're back in business.
Ah, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am.
Oh, it's Viva la Difforance as cultures collide.
I've always dreamt of doing like bad mime impression on TV.
So here goes.
Now stay tuned for more Snick Life with Roundhouse.
Minds don't talk.
Told you I was bad.
Tonight's Rennan Stimpy.
Please, please, let it be new, new, new, new.
It's a whole new episode.
That's tonight on Stik.
Balls have evolved over time,
but now comes the farthest flying football in history.
The Vortex.
I'm John L. Woods.
This is the Vortex.
And I'm going to throw the Vortex
farther than any football in history.
The farthest flying football in history.
If you want to throw your farthest, you want the Couch Vortex.
The farthest flying football.
Couch Vortex.
When it comes to great taste in ego waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in ego Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was
how much Marty Dawson loves him.
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast is just too much fun to let go.
Looking for this?
If I were big?
Hey, squirt!
I'd be really big.
I'd have so many muscles.
I'd have muscles on muscles.
So I could do what I want,
because who would stop me?
Not even the biggest bully.
Hey, kid, drop that bully.
Like the most wicked cannonballs
into a swimming pool if I see.
Because when you're this big, you get really thirsty.
I see.
Big fruit taste for kids who think big.
Good morning.
This isn't happening.
I want my Kellogg's corn pops.
Be cool.
You need an instruction manual?
Chill, okay?
I need my corn pops.
Oh, like sweet popcorn.
You gotta have more.
But here I am out of cash and laid for class
and the whole school's watching
and give me the pops, you stupid machine!
Works every time.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
Hi, everybody.
Hi.
Since we're here live, we thought we'd show you
some of the moves we're gonna do in tonight's show.
Ready? Here we go.
A five, six, seven, eight.
Okay, one show down and three to go.
And now the newest addition to Snick in the Summer,
Pete and Pete.
We'll see you later,
as Roundhouse keeps Snick Live Rockin'!
This is the Crafts Built 2000,
also known as the Gashmaster.
Its 17-inch blade with 248 steel teeth
can slice a telephone pole in half in 9.2 seconds.
The way I see it, anything with 248 teeth
should not be allowed in a school.
If you screw up using the Crafts Built 2000
or the Neurtron F7 Grinder
or the Impreg Rotary lathe,
best case, you'll go home minus a thorax.
You see, my philosophy is simple.
In a world where there are literally
10 million ways to mutilate yourself on a normal day,
why go messing around with tools?
It was a philosophy that I based my entire life
and school schedule around.
That is, until one fateful day last spring,
when the school schedule gods were in the mood
to bust my clams.
Because when my new schedule arrived,
I saw the one word that I prayed I'd never see.
Shop.
I can't be sad unless you beg.
Tools.
They're loud.
They're sharp.
And they can kill you.
And what do you end up with
after risking your limbs and life?
A spice rack.
Is there anything more pointless in life than a spice rack?
And is making a spice rack
worth the loss of a body part
that I've come to know and love?
Obviously, the schedule gods must think so.
Either that or they're into spicy food.
And that's where my story begins.
In the dungeon that I shot.
Real funny.
Put my head into a vice.
Can you take it out now?
It's so funny.
Why aren't you laughing, corn boy?
Mike, please don't put his head in the vice.
What are you?
His dad?
As a matter of fact, I am his dad.
Oh.
Like a lot of socket heads.
Endless Mike Hellstrom was very easy to confuse.
He was one of those high school lifers
who always seemed to be in shop.
You know the type.
Guys with names like Harley and Fleck.
Well, here's something you might not have known.
Socket heads rule their turf.
You need a tool.
You come to me.
You need a nut.
Nail, screw, bolt, nut.
You come to me.
You need a safety goggles or a helmet.
And maybe you pay attention and you follow the rules of the class.
Mr. Slurm, he might let you work on a special project.
Questions?
What's a special project?
If you deserve to know.
What's that supposed to mean?
Who cares?
I don't want to have anything to do with Slurm's special project.
I'm just going to sit in the back, get my C, and see you later shop class.
Now I heard all about Slurm's special project.
It's a cryogenic freezer.
Who wants the freezes on head when it dies?
Really?
Uh-uh.
It's an anti-ballistic fragmentary explosive.
What, you guys never heard of those?
Teddy, you can't make a bomb in shop class.
Want to bet?
Besides, I heard that Slurm wants to get the guy back who...
Oh yeah, there was something I forgot to tell you about Mr. Slurm.
Nobody knew how he lost it, but just like his special project, practically everyone had a theory.
I already cut it off himself so we could be part tool.
Uh-uh, landmine.
We're calling Delta 67.
Another theory was that Slurm made his claw and all its attachments himself in shop class.
Wood, theory and practice.
I couldn't believe that I actually had to sit there and listen to this ratchet brain
babble on about wood.
And what was the story with all those attachments?
And I couldn't figure out whether everyone else had been lulled into a hypnotic trance
by Slurm's sideshow or if they were seriously into it.
Perhaps you could tell us the most sullen wood we've discussed so far, Mr. Wrigley.
Nagahide? Mahogany?
Uh, I mean Walnut?
So much for vanishing.
Right then I decided that I had too much at stake to cross this guy.
It was only the first day and already Slurm had me pegged.
But while one Pete was busted, the other Pete was in business.
When he heard I was taking shop, he took an after-school job as an insurance salesman.
Our motto is when you least expect it, expect it.
But Pete wasn't selling car insurance or homeowners insurance.
Pete was in the dismemberment business.
He had a chart that showed every body part and their value in cash and merchandise.
Bill was the only one who bit Pete's bait.
I sure didn't because there was no way that I was even going near the power tools.
The craft spilt is not a toy and it is not just a tool.
It is the Cadillac of saws.
Use it carefully.
Twelve years ago, a Mr. Naby didn't.
One hair of his got caught around the craft spilt, patented, acu-chrome spinning drive shaft.
The rest of his scalp quickly followed.
Who'd like to cut something with the TS-4?
Or as you'll soon be calling it, ah, yes, how about?
I will, Mr. Slurm.
Thankfully, Ellen saved my thorax for the moment.
But what I didn't know was that Ellen wasn't really saving me.
She was leaving me because within a week, Ellen had turned into a slur-moy.
Did you know that a blowtorch burns with the same intensity as the earth's core?
If you stare into the flame long enough, you can see it's so long.
Want to look Pete?
I knew that Ellen had a history of going a little, well, overboard at times, but this was ridiculous.
I don't think of it as melting the metal.
I think of it as setting it free.
It didn't take long for me to realize that I was the only kid in that class who just
wanted to get a seat and get out of shop forever.
It's Danish modern.
That is, until our midterm projects were due.
You were once a kid, deep.
You see, Slurm had his own way of grading.
Airless, airless, C minus.
The caligari technique.
Very good, young lady.
B plus.
He liked it, Pete.
Maybe I'll get to work on a special project.
I can't believe you want to work on that thing.
Why not?
It would be an honor.
An honor.
Are you kidding?
Slurm is a...
Mr. Wrigley.
Well, well, well, well, well.
I want everyone to look at what Mr. Wrigley has done.
Will you laughing at my?
Well, I...
There's real poetry here.
Yes.
Real feeling, Mr. Wrigley.
Come with me, young man.
You'll sit here till the end of the term.
You're going to be part of my special project team.
Right alongside Mike.
Him?
For the rest of the semester, Mr. Wrigley, you and I...
I've always wanted to show you my favorite dance step.
This is called the butterfly.
Two for more pee to pee on the neck.
Tonight's Rennan's TV.
Please, please, let it be new.
New, new, new, new, new, new, new, new.
It's an all-new episode.
That's tonight on Steve.
Everyone knows, in this world, it's us versus them.
So let's see which side's ahead.
All right.
They've got this, this, yep.
Uh-oh.
These guys, this thing, that.
And we've got bubble tape.
They got this, whatever.
This, uh-huh.
That stuff.
Okay.
This and ouch.
And we've got more bubble tape.
They got this, this, hookout.
That, one of those, hello.
Yeah, and that.
And we've got lots and lots of bubble tape.
It's the way I see it.
That's what's us.
Six chocolate feet ahead.
What do you think?
Bubble tape, it's six feet of gum for you, not them.
When it comes to great taste in ego waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his longtime rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in ego Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him.
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun, you let go.
Looking for this?
Last time those guys said I wasn't good enough.
But this time, Tony and I are ready.
Go to the backhand and then shoot.
That away.
Winners, practice hard and eat smart.
Like this complete breakfast,
including the sweet crunch of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes.
They're going to win.
Can I play?
I don't know, can you?
Here goes.
This kid's better than you.
Okay, we're live and I'm doing it.
I'm going to talk with crackers in my mouth.
What?
You don't have to do this.
I don't know.
But now back to Pete and Pete on Snick.
It took me exactly three seconds to learn one thing
about Slern's special project.
There was nothing special about it.
Use the chop saw and make me a circular form.
And this time, Mr. Wrigley, don't cue the edges.
I had become Slern's personal power tool.
I sawed, sanded, drilled, hammered.
Every day my limbs were in danger.
And if that weren't bad enough,
Slern never told me what I was working on.
Never.
All I knew was that he kept it hidden from the world
in a cabinet that was never opened.
No one else seemed too concerned about it.
But no matter how hard I tried,
I couldn't stop wondering what was in there.
It was like some black hole
that kept trying to suck me into its whirling vortex.
What was Slern hiding?
What difference does it make?
It's a special project.
But don't you think it's a little weird
that Slern won't tell me what it is?
It wouldn't matter to me.
How do they expect me to work with metal
this soft? It's like cheese.
Maybe it is an anti-ballistic fragmentary explosive.
I think you're going a little overboard, Pete.
I don't trust vanilla.
If the special project wasn't something bad or dangerous,
why wouldn't he tell me what it is?
I'm working on it.
If you're really that worried about it,
why don't you just ask Mike what it is?
Mike who?
Mike.
Mike Hellstrom.
Since when did you start calling endless Mike Mike?
Whenever I call him Mike, he helps me out.
Oh boy, that, uh, cross-belt sure does ride like a Cadillac, huh?
So can you believe what Slern has us making, huh, Mike?
Nice try, carrot head, about cutting me a two by apply.
Thanks, saw boy.
So much for the my friend Mike approach.
I thought about going to the police or even Vice Principal Lergner,
but I had no evidence.
They would have just laughed at my face.
Somehow I had to sneak a look at the plans to the special project.
I knew I couldn't do it alone,
so I decided to get by with a little help from my friends.
Mr. Slarm, there's somebody outside who needs to see you.
To make sure my scheme went smoothly,
I took out a little insurance.
Sir, may I have a moment of your time?
No, you may not.
You'll be sorry.
It was a policy I knew would deliver.
Getting Slurm out of my way was the easy part.
It was diverting endless Mike that made me a little squirmy.
Our research shows that 47% of all people who experience one misfortune
will experience another.
Ah jeez, I'm sorry.
I guess I should have used the chop saw, huh Mike?
Didn't I tell you never to cut against the grain of the wood?
I forgot to tell you,
project's over.
What?
Yes, it's finished.
You've completed the requirements for this course.
I said it's finished, Mr. Wrigley.
Now, return to your regular table.
So I was free, free from being Slurm's slave.
I should have been the happiest I've ever been,
but for some strange reason, I wasn't.
Could Slurm have known that I was on to him?
And now, was he trying to keep me from getting too close to his secret?
I just couldn't shake the sinking feeling that I had helped Slurm build something evil.
Who knows what that twisted psycho he'd had me working on?
If only I had proof of what he was up to, I'd nail that freak show for sure.
So on the night before our final class, I decided to find out for myself.
Once and for all.
Who's there?
I know somebody's out there to Wrigley.
I've been waiting for you.
Good, because there's something I want to talk to you about.
I want... I demand to know what I've been working on.
You demand office, Mr. Wrigley.
Sit down, Mr. Wrigley.
Are you comfortable?
Now, what is it exactly that you're looking for?
You know the anti-ballistic fragmentary explosive with that cryogenic chamber.
Cryogenic chamber?
That's a new one.
Cryogenic.
Tell me what it is.
Relax, Mr. Wrigley.
Calm down.
Are you comfortable?
Stop asking me that.
Well, I want to know, because I am very comfortable.
I have been ever since you finished building this air conditioner for my office.
That's it?
An air conditioner?
That's the special project?
Oh, Mr. Wrigley, give yourself a little more credit.
This isn't just an air conditioner.
Look, it has three settings.
Low, medium, and over here we have high.
I prefer medium.
You feel that?
That's not fair.
Fair.
You have no idea what fair is, Mr. Wrigley.
What's fair is when someone thinks it's worthless to take shop,
and so he makes worthless things because he has no respect for the wood or what he can do with it,
what's fair is for that worthless student to get an F.
Now, what's not fair is when something's taken away from you at a very young age,
before you have the chance to discover its power.
Every year there's one just like you.
And every year we make a little deal, and in the end, everyone's happy.
I get what I want, and you get your C.
Now, there's one more favor we can do for each other.
Don't bother coming to class tomorrow.
You don't want to be here, I don't want you here.
Besides, you couldn't make a shopping block if you tried.
So take your C and see you later.
Wrigley, what are you doing?
Making something.
Well, make sure you turn off the light after you make it.
And, uh, Mr. Wrigley, don't forget to turn off my air conditioner when you leave.
Don't worry, it won't hurt you.
I worked like mad all through the night, and as I worked,
I couldn't help but think about, well, everything.
Mr. Slern, his hand, the special project, and the feeling of being worthless in someone's eyes.
But I knew the truth.
Pete Wrigley was better than that.
And it was time for Slern to learn it, too.
The next morning, I was ready to get the grade I deserved.
Metal never looks as lovely as when it's been set free.
Excellent job, Ms. Hickald.
Hey, wow.
Mr. Wrigley, it looks like you've used the five-eighths bit here.
Seven-eighths, sir.
Oh, yes, I can see that.
And this was cut with a craftspill 2000.
Just the base.
Really?
On a piece that narrow.
I could never get it to do that.
Nice touch, Mr. Wrigley.
B plus.
Okay, so maybe I didn't exactly slay him, but at least I proved that I could do it.
And I guess that's what Mr. Slern wanted me to learn all along.
He just had his own way of teaching me.
And even though I still think that tools are loud, sharp, and can kill you,
when you make something you're proud of,
sometimes it's worth the risk.
To know me.
Hey, Jolene.
Hey.
No, I've always longed to deliver a promotional message and ultra super mega close-up.
Now stay tuned for more Snick Live with Roundhouse.
Okay, got the camera rolling?
I should stand right about here and action.
Stick Stickley here, your new host of Nick in the Afternoon.
Every weekday from three to five, that's two to four central.
You'll get your regular Nick lineup, plus me and my trusty Cam here,
to take you around Nick's studios.
We'll answer your letters, make some phone calls, give some stuff away.
If I can manage to find the warehouse,
any who don't forget to stick with Nick in the afternoon.
Oh boy, that sounded really good.
That's a keeper.
I think I'm really getting the hang of this.
Hello, are there any calls for me?
North Pole to South Pole, New York to New Guinea.
Nick is kids, no matter who, no matter where.
Kids with big feet and small heads, small feet and big heads.
Kids who slurp, kids who burp.
Excuse me.
Nick is kids.
And what?
Kill the lice.
Nick is kids, Nick is kids, Nick is kids.
Look under a rock.
What have you got?
Look under a school desk.
Yuck.
But look under a 10K bottle cap and it's a different story.
You could win a trip before to Nickalodian studios in Orlando
to see Nickalodian guts and climb the aggro crag
or one of these great prizes.
Just look under specially marked 10K bottle tops.
Hey, it beats what you find under your shoes.
And Nickalodian guts instant win cap game from 10K.
Really, really good stuff.
When it comes to great taste in ego waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in ego Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Hey!
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun to let go.
Would you do this?
Your mother's cousins and feeling twice removed.
Since Twix gives you chewy caramel, twice milk chocolate,
twice. And that could be crunchy twice.
You get one great snack after another.
Late in the afternoon, a strange hunger comes over Steve.
Without his trusty Kellogg's poptarts to ward off the effects.
He changes into the chocolate craving monster.
What can stop it's feeding frenzy?
Kellogg's chocolate pledge poptart.
Awesome pastries oozing with fudgy filling
or s'mores with gooey marshmallow lurking inside.
Unable to resist.
The creature sinks in Steve's within seconds.
Steve is his former self.
You have to be so dramatic about everything.
Kellogg's poptarts it's the monster snack!
More till roundhouse puts the live and Snick live.
What we're hearing now is some of the cast members practice a song for tonight's show.
With them is vocal director Bill Cantos.
Snick's got red and stimpy, it's brand new.
You neck, gorgeous!
My dream has finally come true.
Boot camp!
Say, now this isn't bad.
And dry pack and all the cream-chipped beef we can eat.
Stimpy, this is the good life.
Eww, lucky here, lady.
We got us a couple of new recruits.
Cadet Stimson J Cat, reporting for duty, sir.
OK, OK, got the crap.
When do we have chow?
I'm starved.
Looks like we got us a couple of live ones here.
Yep, we's going to get real close and buddy-like,
just like one big happy family.
But first, you've got to pass a few tests.
Tests?
You've got to earn some badges.
Badges?
Lots of merit badges.
Then maybe, just maybe, you'll be one of us.
Ugh.
So you think you ladies got the goal to earn your first badge?
Are you tough enough to sell?
Beret Beret Girl Cookies?
All right.
It's beautiful.
Every spring, Beret Beret girls worldwide
want storefronts and parking lots to sell their honey charges.
And the reward you get?
Till midnight to sell all them cookies of paid appennlty.
Oh, boy, Ren.
Why do the new girls always get the worst territory?
We'll never sell any cookies way out here.
Hungry?
I got to have some food.
Here, eat some of your stinky old cookies.
Oh, no, Ren.
A Beret Beret girl must never taste of her own cookies.
I, Stimson J Cat, promised that.
Cookies, huh?
OK, give me a box.
Here's five bucks.
No, wait, Ren.
Remember, we ate all the cookies.
Shut up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
What are we going to do?
We can't sell empty boxes.
This is your fault.
You stupid fat sow.
Here, big boy, on this.
Wait, Ren.
We can fill the boxes with cactuses.
They're delicious.
I'll take all you got.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, yeah, goodbye.
Man, who would have ever thought that being a woman
could be so profitable?
OK, try and beat this.
Four cowboys.
Read them and wave.
Oh, darn.
All I got is four aces.
I'll shoot, me too.
Did you have fun playing with the other girls?
Yeah, sure.
I had fish loads of fun.
Being swindled out of all our cookie money.
God, oh, God.
I know, Ren.
We can have lots of fun earning merit badges.
Give me that stupid book.
He's right, you know.
And I know the funnest badge at a mall,
but it ain't going to be easy.
It's a rare barracuda that can earn this badge.
You must go alone.
Into the woods.
It's the snipe hunting badge.
Gawly snipe hunting.
Snap out of it, man.
Don't you see what their game is, you big dope?
There's no such thing as snipes.
It's a practical joke.
It's OK.
We'll go huntin' without you.
It's a pity, though.
It's an awful pretty badge.
Boy, you must think we're really stupid.
I'd have to be brain dead to fall for that old chestnut.
Who wants that snipe badge?
Hey, wait up.
Just as I thought.
No steampie badges, snipes, fooie.
I've had it.
Dog on, beret berets, bah!
Cookies, schmookies.
Hey, Ren!
I caught one.
Ren?
What are you talking about?
What did you catch?
Why, a snipe, of course.
There's no such thing.
They made it up.
I knew you could do it, knucklehead.
A job well done.
Down here.
I got something for ya.
It's the special beret beret handbook.
How to earn extra easy merit badges.
Hey!
This is my ticket to Easy Street.
Hmm, let's see.
There's drowning, collecting badger eggs.
You want my eggs, eh?
Won't be my gas.
And finally, the bravery in the face of certain doom badge.
Ta-da!
So, you earned all the badges in the book.
Now, you earned the right to learn all the beret beret girl
secrets.
Oh, well, we're in Rome.
It's live.
We can do whatever we want.
Say it, say it.
Stay tuned for more Ren and Steampie on Snock.
That's sneak!
You bladering idiot!
I had all the money to give the homeless about $1,000
so they can get their own home.
I leave out all that, you know, prejudice, racism,
and, like, people who hate things.
It's up to everybody to just stop saying they're going to
and do it.
Attention!
Kellogg's Cocoa Krispies has a new milk chocolatey
taste.
That's right.
Now Cocoa Krispies taste milk chocolatey
and crispier than ever.
It'll drive you milk chocolate lovers even wilder.
But don't try any monkey business.
I've hired bodyguards.
They're watching out for my Cocoa Krispies
because with this taste, you can't trust anyone.
I'll find good help these days.
Kellogg's Cocoa Krispies cereal,
part of this good breakfast for the new milk
chocolatey taste to everyone wants.
When it comes to great tasting, they go waffles.
Nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long-time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in Eggo Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious Eggo taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Eggo waffles, the part of a good breakfast
that's just too much fun to let go.
Looking for this?
I think help is...
Help is...
It's...
Help!
Something that benefits someone else?
Making someone else happy.
Yeah, that's good.
I don't know, you need a haircut or something.
I cut your hair, that's helping.
Help!
There's lots of things you can do.
Even if it's a little thing.
If it's something you enjoy doing.
It's exciting.
Help!
Nickelodeon wants to help.
Get the word out about help.
When you make someone else feel good, you feel good.
Help is call.
The call can be heard from near and far,
and kids are answering it.
It's Nickelodeon's Legends of the Hidden Temple,
where kids conquer mysterious challenges of mind and body,
scale great heights, and battle mighty foes.
And it's the only show where kids can talk to a rock.
Don't take me for granite.
Heed the call.
And watch every weekday at 5.30, 4.30 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Ron, who's to stop us? Let's sing it!
And now for more of the Fat Cat with the blue schnoz.
And the skinny house drunk to Wawa,
heroine and sippy on Snick.
It's midnight.
A lone scientist works into the night.
A seeker of truth,
toying with the very stuff of life.
Rubber bands, colored water,
and sterno!
Harmless when apart,
but when combined in the proper proportions,
can create
a monster!
All right. What the heck is going on here?
I'm a genetic engineer, Ren.
And I've been toying with the very fabric of life.
Check it out.
Bites the honey now.
And I did it all with my new genetic recipe.
The XB-49 Gene Splicing Formulae.
Stampy, I'm thrilled that you've made some soda pop.
But may I ask one little question?
Hmm?
Where's my dad come dinner?
Don't you know it's already 12 o'clock?
Ren, be careful with that.
Oh, you and I should be careful with this stuff, huh?
Well, what if I did this?
Oh!
Ren!
Hey, I don't need three butts.
Okay.
Easy.
I'm all...
Right!
Yeah!
Ren's been split into his two opposite halves,
his evil side,
and different side.
Eh, so what?
Ah, joy!
Now I have two best friends.
Ren, wouldn't you like to stop hitting Ren
and watch the cartoon?
Oh!
Ren, wouldn't you like Ren to stop hitting you?
Eh, who quit?
What's matter mean, Ren?
Are you tired of watching cartoons?
Look, he's bringing the TV closer.
Yes?
Hello, would you like to buy my cookies?
Ah!
No!
Ren, oh evil Ren!
I'm taking apathy, Ren, for a walk.
Do you want to come?
Well, I guess it's just you and me, kid.
We're back from our walk!
And didn't we have fun?
Well, it looks like somebody's been quite the busy little beaver.
Oh, evil Ren!
Oh, there you are!
What's this stuff?
What are you?
My favorite record!
Oh, going for a swim!
Oh, hi, stinky!
Hey, Ren, it melted!
Careful, Ren!
Mousy! Mousy!
Mousy!
No, no, no!
Yes, yes, yes!
My first material.
What's that?
That's not my Ren!
Not my Ren!
Not my...
What's he doing?
Say, that looks like...
XB49!
Ren!
Listen to me, Ren!
It doesn't have to be like this!
Can't you see?
Without your indifferent side, you're losing control!
You and Deadpan Ren need each other!
You're two sides of the same hole!
You, his yin, and he, your...
Tang!
Without him, you're only half a man!
Can half a man live?
Let me help put you back together!
I'll make it better!
I promise!
Oh, maybe you're right.
I've seen a part of myself no man should ever see.
But, you know what?
It!
But what if there were two evil Ren?
Or ten of them?
Or millions of them?
My God, he'd be an entire army!
We'd be up to our necks in Ren!
Those where it would end!
Complete and utter...
Carnage!
The world would be...
Evil Ren!
Ren hideously evil!
Ren?
Dearly beloved, we are gathered today
to pardon those two queers in Chaeli's Sankevi-Chenom-Tuum
of Ignat-Regma-Tuum.
Do you, Ren, take Ren to be your lawfully wedded spouse?
I will!
I now pronounce you man and clone.
You may beat the bride.
Gosh, Ren!
Isn't it just beautiful?
Who cares?
And now, because we're live and because he wants to, here's a sea-moor dance move!
Make a live with Rathaus, we'll return!
Squeeze it, fruit drink!
So much fun, kids can't wait to get their hands on it!
That's because you don't just drink a squeeze it,
you squeeze a squeeze it!
Squeeze it is fruity flavors like Chucklin' Cherry
and Mean Green Puncher.
Go ahead!
Squeeze the fun out of it!
Christmas, B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious egg-o-taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Egg-o-waffles, the part of a good breakfast
that's just too much fun you may go.
Would you do this?
One more drop. Yes, this is it!
What's up, Uncle Toucan?
Eureka boys, I've just made berry purple fruit loops.
Wow! How magical!
Yes, let's see how berry goes with orange lemon lime and cherry.
Cool, Uncle, let's try them!
All right!
I bet they taste delicious!
And they do!
How long's fruit loops?
Now available with new berry purple, part of this complete breakfast.
Yeah, they're very good!
And they're going to be very big news!
Hey, we're now live in Wardrobe,
and since we're on in 30 minutes, things are a little hectic back here.
Excuse me, should I wear this one or this one?
I'd say this one.
I'll tell you what, since I'm already dressed, I'll give you the tour.
This is it.
I think I'll stick with this one.
As you can see, everybody back here has their very own Wardrobe section.
Which one will Lisa decide to wear?
This one or this one?
Will she ever make up her mind?
You'll find out in 30 minutes on Roundhouse.
And now, the one show that stands between us and the big this or this dilemma,
it's Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Next, on Snick.
I have more lines.
You didn't let me see my lines, you guys.
Thanks a lot.
Flat tire, frame.
I'm in front of you, dork.
They don't stuff on my...
What is it?
We got company.
Look.
And it's Gary.
You think?
Yeah.
It's probably some costume we got from his dad's store.
Yes.
He's probably just trying to spook us.
Yo, Gary!
We know it's you.
Cut it out.
Cut what out?
If you're here, then who's the guy with the hat?
Did you do that?
Yeah, okay.
I did best.
Man, you really had us going.
What is all this?
I, uh, found it in a trunk in my dad's store.
Help me out here, Sam.
It was supposedly worn by a strange order of monks
hundreds of years ago.
Cool.
Yeah.
Legend says these guys were truly evil.
Stories say they had this magical power
to take over people's minds,
control the forces of nature.
Obviously, they're not around anymore.
But I had this idea.
What if these mystical monks had so much magical power
that they learned how to control the one thing
that would make them dangerous forever?
Time.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story The Tale of the Carved Stone.
Alison Denny and her family just moved into town.
It's tough being the new kid and having to make new friends.
Alison knew that.
What she didn't know was just how dangerous
making a new friend was going to be.
I hate this place.
Why did we have to move here anyway?
TJB was here.
Well, TJ, I wish he still were.
I wish anybody was here.
Great way to make friends, klutz.
Where am I supposed to find another pair of these?
At 120.
You know what I went through to get this.
The guy could have killed me.
Yes, well, that's none of my bees.
200.
Or I'm taking everything over to Uncle Bobo's house of magic.
Uncle Bobo? That clown?
All right, but I'm losing all the deal.
Hello?
The customer's going. Great.
What can I do for you?
Are you Mr. Sardo?
That's Sardo.
No, Mr. Accent on the Dome.
So, what are you looking for?
A potion? A rare book?
A priceless magical object that only I can provide?
No, I just need another pair of these.
That'll be 350.
I'm sure there's nothing else.
Have you seen our vomit?
Excuse me?
How's about a crystal ball?
No thanks.
You're not far around here, are you?
No, we just moved in last week.
The old Brown Brick house on Maple Lane.
New kid, eh?
Oh, then.
I don't suppose I could interest you in a flask of popularity potion.
Are you serious? A popularity potion?
Wait! I mean, I've searched the world over
for the curios contained in this.
I mean, where is that potion?
A potion?
No, of course not. It's much better than a potion.
It's an Egyptian friendship stone.
Let me see. Does it work?
It's quite simple.
You just hold it in your hand, close your eyes,
and recite the ancient Egyptian spell.
Amrak.
Vitulin.
Ra.
Vitulin. Ra.
Yes. And then what?
Friends, and you'll know what to do with it.
How much did you say this was?
Well, it is very rare and very powerful.
It's practically a steal at $50.
$50?
$40. I distinctly said $40.
Forget it.
No, wait. How much have you got?
After the glasses, I've got $17.75.
So, but I'm losing on the deal.
That's not right.
Are you awesome?
Yeah, I am.
Well, you were outside before I need to drop these.
That's what you call this to come all the way over here for?
Some stupid glasses?
Well, yeah.
I mean, I'm new and I thought we could, you know, forget this.
Get a life, okay?
Come on, Don.
Well, thanks.
Bye.
Sure.
You're a loser.
Egyptian friendship stone?
Yeah, right.
That's sad, Darryl.
Are you sure you're all right?
I think it's fine.
Well, I think I want to refund.
Okay?
Please leave. The store is closed.
But your sign says you're open until...
Did you hear what I said?
I command you to leave at once.
For the last time, shopkeeper.
Where?
Told you, I don't know.
It was in this chest which you snatched from a tiny place just this very morning.
I didn't snatch it, and I haven't seen any amulet.
But if it's charms you're interested in,
why don't you look into my eyes?
Do I have to?
Look, you babbling mortal, into my eyes.
I seek the amulet of Ankra.
It is the most unusual black stone.
Elaborately carved.
I sold it this afternoon.
Sold it? To whom?
To the new girl.
She lives in a brown brick house.
Brown brick house.
A maple lane.
Maple lane?
It was.
Yes.
Her.
Yeah.
Okay.
What are you going to see?
Oh.
Yeah, I'm making lots of friends.
Okay.
You guys have fun at the movie.
Yeah.
Okay, bye.
Egyptian friendship stone.
Well, if you're a friendship stone,
then I'm Madonna.
Who's there?
Allison.
Allison Denney.
Look at me, Allison.
Look into my eyes.
Case into my eyes.
Who are you?
What do you want?
I believe you have what I want, Allison.
Just keep looking into my eyes.
It's the amulet I want.
I need the amulet.
No, go away.
Yes, stop.
Don't go no further.
No, no, no.
And now, totally live, here's David Nickel,
the show he can hold the note longer than anybody.
Stay tuned because Nick, are you afraid of the dirt?
Nick is kids.
All kinds of kids.
All colors.
All shapes.
All sizes.
Even fur wads.
Nick is kids.
One more drop.
Yes, this is it.
Whoa.
What's up, Uncle Toucan?
Eureka boys.
I've just made business.
Eureka boys, I've just made berry purple fruit loops.
Wow.
How radical.
Yes, let's see how berry goes with orange, lemon, lime and cherry.
Cool, Uncle.
Let's try them.
All right.
I think they taste delicious.
And they do.
Hello, Ogg's Fruit Loops.
Now available with new berry purple.
Part of this complete breakfast.
Yeah, they're very good.
And they're going to be very big news.
When it comes to great tasting, they go waffles.
Nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that golden ego Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was how much Marty Dawson loves them.
Hey, there go my ego.
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast is just too much fun to let go.
Would you do this?
It's a juicy juma flavor.
Ring pop.
It's a lollipop.
Without a stick.
A ring of flavor.
You.
Push it up.
Push it to the pop.
Push pop.
Tastes a great thing.
Cherry, watermelon, raspberry.
It's something else.
Yeah, that's the wrap.
Big it now.
Link it later.
Just give it the cap.
You gotta be here to the pop.
Push pop.
Are you afraid of the dark?
That was my best scary voice.
And this is his.
Why?
Did you get into my room?
Your room?
This is mine.
What happened?
What's going on?
I don't know.
Who came flying out of my mirror?
Your mirror?
Who are you?
I'm Thomas Jefferson Bradshaw.
And this is my grandmother's house.
No.
This is our house.
We moved in here last week.
Are you sure of the address?
15 Maple Lane.
Something really weird just happened.
I want you to leave now.
Thomas Jefferson Bradshaw.
This is my room.
But it's different.
Listen, Tom.
I'm Allison.
And I think I've got some kind of magic stone.
Magic stone?
This.
It changed the mirror and I saw you.
Like it opened a door to a different dimension.
Or a different...
What's the date today?
March 13th.
Yeah, but what year?
What year?
Don't you know anything?
It's 1892.
Are you serious?
1892?
That's over 100 years ago.
Tom, this stone let me travel back in time.
This is my house.
Only 100 years ago.
Golly.
Sounds like a story Jules Verne would write.
Yeah.
Or Steven Spielberg.
Who?
I don't believe this.
I mean, look at this stuff.
Those were my parents.
She wakes up.
She's gonna cane me.
That's terrible.
What about your parents?
They died when I was younger.
I was still in the child.
Really?
My only child, too.
What about your friends?
I don't have any.
My grandmother never lets me in the house.
You're kidding.
That's gross.
Were you allowed to bring friends in this house in your time?
I would have if I had any.
I'm not exactly Miss Popularity.
Allison, are you really from the future?
Yeah, I guess I am.
Golly keepers must be wonderful.
Hey, why don't I show you?
How?
Well, well, we'll go back the way I came through the mirror.
It could be great.
I could take you to a movie and get a pizza.
Man, you're gonna die when you see video games.
Die?
I don't want to die.
I didn't mean die as in like checkout time.
It's a figure of speech.
Come on.
Check out time?
We'll work with any mirror.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Well, there was this really horrible man outside my house.
He wanted the stone.
Well, don't worry.
I got a cracker.
Shot.
Okay.
Well, we gotta go through sometime.
It's my house.
And mine.
All right.
Our house.
So, what does the future look like?
Wait, the neighbors.
Through the abdomen?
No, it's okay.
What are you doing here?
I came to warn you about that stone.
It appears it really is a powerful amulet.
Yeah, I found that out.
It seems it belongs to a rather nasty fellow
by the name of Brother Septimus.
He was supposed to have been hanged in the 15th century,
but now, unfortunately...
It's still really amulet.
What do we do?
This way.
Oh, you will suffer the torment of eternal pain
for having crossed me, Mr. Spockyman.
Eternal pain seems rather harsh.
Yes, but I'll not be denied any longer.
How do you retrieve the amulet?
Or so slice open your miserable caucus
and serve it to the playwrights of the abyss?
Oh, impermeable.
I'm here!
You will pay, Tom!
What happens?
Come on!
You're gonna help Tom get out of the future!
Help!
I don't even know what's going on!
When you hold the amulet less to a mirror,
it opens the door through time.
A door through time?
This could be worth millions.
Look, we have to get Tom before Septimus does.
Not so fast, not so fast.
Now, if I could just get past that...
the horrid demon person,
I could turn this into a small fortune.
Or could he still...
a huge fortune?
Mr. Sardo, wait!
That's Sando!
No, skip it.
How does it work?
Like this?
Give me the amulet.
I-I don't have the amulet.
I grow so weary of this game, Tom.
You know not...
the power with which you deal.
You will suffer that toy with me now.
Leave her alone.
I got you, Rock.
You...
pathetic little urchin.
You believe you are a match for me,
you and your little toy?
All fall on the knees before me.
Don't look into his eyes.
Even death himself bows to me.
The great Septimus.
I need the amulet.
It was so much easier.
Traveling through time to claim my victims
aren't far too long without one.
You shall have the honor of being my next son.
Check out time.
Mr. Stone!
You got it, didn't you?
It's too late.
But you have to!
I can't.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
I'm glad I finally made a friend.
Goodbye, Allison.
Goodbye.
Have a good life.
My?
What an interesting twist of fate.
What?
What is it?
Friends forever.
The amulet was gone.
Brother Septimus was never seen again.
And Allison will never forget
the first friend she made
in her new home.
I declare this meeting
of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time.
We're just doing some last-minute hair
and makeup stuff before the show starts.
Lana, can you make my hair bigger?
Stay tuned to Snick
because we're live at the roundhouse
and we're about ready to go on.
Extra Troy Glycerides.
Tired of the same old reading material.
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine
that speaks your language?
The only network for kids.
Just get a grown-up to call
1-800-832-5100 to order.
And you can get inside a gym teacher's brain.
Learn the most annoying car songs.
Search through the world's messiest bedroom
and much more.
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100
for six colorful side-splitting issues
of Nickelodeon magazine,
each with a comic book inside.
It's 997 and only grown-up Chicago, so...
So write it down and tell your parents.
Don't delay.
And get the magazine that's just for kids.
Forget it, dad.
Introducing the all-new Super Soaker 60.
Advanced Super Soaker technology
combined with a lightweight and removable frame.
All with a bigger water tank
so you can hose down just about anybody.
It's the best of both worlds.
The Super Soaker 60.
Also available on Pocket Size 10.
Working out see-through.
Sorry. Let's go again, Tony.
Watch your timing, Karen.
Thanks, Tony.
Winners practice hard and eat smart
like this complete breakfast, including a sweet crunch
of Kellogg's Frosted Plates.
How about a real game?
Chimey.
Man, we were safe over there.
All right, you little chocolates, fall in.
Who's made of delicious milk chocolate?
We are, sir.
I can't hear you.
Who's made of rich, delicious, absolutely unique milk chocolate?
We are, sir.
And who's covered with a thin, colorful candy shell?
So the milk chocolate?
Melted in your mouth, not in your hands, sir.
Keep it up, and you'll earn those M's.
We M's will march mile after mile
to make you open your hand and smile.
Uh, there's nothing like the sound of chocolate on the march.
When it comes to great taste in Eggo Waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long-time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in Eggo Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious Eggo taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Eggo Waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun in Eggo.
Would you do this?
Okay, let me get this straight, sir.
Now your head is completely submerged
in the french fry cooker.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, wow, that must really hurt.
I am so sorry.
Mm-hmm, love that now.
Oh, that's terrible.
Perhaps it can fell back on.
I'm so sorry.
Love that now.
We're not a medical agency,
and we take no responsibilities
if you actually die from your injury.
But if you do,
we promise the last words you hear
will be spoken with an adult voice.
Yes, I know it's very bright,
but just go into the light.
Very good.
Bye-bye now.
No, no, no, please, no ousies.
No Bumpy Whoppies.
Boo-Boo's anonymous.
When you're in pain,
we give it to you plain.
Welcome to the 31st annual
any region, little league championship.
Today, any talent rival there will be competing
for this...
After last night,
I thought you'd never talk to me again.
Oh, everybody makes mistakes.
Even parents.
Yeah, but it's tougher being in my family
because I'm so perfect.
Well, good luck.
Be the victory parade.
Yo, check out Monica.
Man, she looks like road killin' heels.
Hey, that's my woman you're talking about.
Puttin' your foot in your mouth really bites toenail.
Then find me the Bull Park Frank.
Food long steaks like your own foot.
Hot dog!
But do they taste better than my cleat?
Of course.
Bull Park Franks are made from pig lungs,
cowletters, and rat feet.
Just like your favorite smoking link.
Mmm, relish the thought.
It is spicy.
That's a toe down.
Bull Park Franks.
Is it being an ass like a wiener?
You might as well eat one.
This is the main king.
That's right.
Rival Town leaves any town by one run
in the bottom of the night.
In case any kid is up.
But the base is loaded.
I know, Rob.
You got your heel, Mr. Sturco?
Good.
I want you to get hit by a pitch.
What?
That's right.
It'll knock you in the tie and run
and keep you from the game.
But I can win the game if you just don't play it here,
old kid.
Just about a 99 mile an hour fastball
smashed in the face.
Well, here's the wind-up.
Here in the pitch.
Championship.
And it's all because of Casey and he kid.
Hey, about a better swing.
Do that thing.
Hey, about a better.
Hey, about a better swing.
N-I-C-K-E.
Yes.
Every weekday from three to five.
No, Mom.
I'm not a prop this time.
I'm the host.
The host.
You know, I talk to kids,
take them around the studios.
The studios.
Mom.
Where Nick is made.
Nick, Mom.
Nickelodeon.
Oh.
Go over to Aunt Elma.
She's got cable.
I know, Mom.
I will, Mom.
Okay, Mom.
I gotta go, Mom.
I will.
Say hi to Dad.
Mom.
Hello?
You're just interested in trying to save money
on your long-distance phone bill?
Everybody's got these different plans
at different hours and different times
and what have you,
and none of us have time for that.
If you wanna give us savings,
give us savings.
Just give it to us.
You've got it.
Introducing AT&T True USA Savings.
Spend $25 a month
and get 20% off your AT&T long-distance calls
to anyone, anytime, anywhere in the USA.
No gimmicks, no hassle,
no calling circles.
Just 20% off guaranteed.
We're gonna switch back to AT&T.
I wanna go back.
Call us at 1-800-PIC-ATT.
The call is free, switching is free, and you get 20% off the AT&T calls you make in the USA.
Call now and we'll even reward you for saving.
With AT&T True Rewards, you can also get points good for free AT&T minutes
or free frequent flyer miles on Delta, United or US Air.
I love that. That's great.
There's never been a better time to switch to AT&T.
Just one call can get you savings plus rewards. Call us now at 1-800-PICK-ATT.
I ended up going back to AT&T and I've been very satisfied.
Your true voice.
Dye here with some important news.
Wienerville's moving to a new time on Nick.
Zip a real pack. Just one more lose, Dye!
Don't forget my barber collection.
Woo!
Zip, look out!
Watch Wienerville at a brand new time every weekday at 3.30, 2.30 Central, right here on Nick.
Of course, I still got my friends.
Oh, a singing telegram to help cheer me up.
No, it's a singing grandma.
Oh, come on. It wasn't that big a deal.
Oh, isn't there anything you can do to help me?
At least my parents still love me.
So it's down to that already.
What a moron.
Well, now, at least he didn't sink his family savings into a sandwich stand
based on one of the worst movies ever.
Hey, hey, hey. Now that movie was supposed to be cute.
Well, what was your sandwich stand called?
The last action hero.
Sandwiches. Get your sandwiches.
I don't understand. Nobody wants my meat.
Who?
I see why. One bite and I got total recoil.
Shut up, you barbarian. It has to be good.
It's the most expensive sandwich ever.
Now if you'll excuse me, I'll be back.
Where will you be?
In the back.
And you'll be dressed?
All in black.
And a daffy duck or a doctor?
He'd be a quack.
And kids should watch?
So I also admire Daniel J. Lewis.
Flashback.
Moral. The moral is be very careful
if you're trying to open up a Mediterranean fast food franchise.
So I thought I'd have something to do with making mistakes.
Well, whatever.
Oh, sweetie, look, why don't you just watch TV, all right?
That always makes you feel better.
Work a bit.
We'll talk about it.
Dance forever. Come competitive skating.
Now, Tonya Harding gets a chance to redeem herself.
Ask the golfing and skating campuses.
What if I'm working at two seconds?
It's a start.
Peanut, please.
I'll be a slave to this.
My shoelaces are untied.
Let's see the score from the judges.
Ooh, 1.5.
Negative 3.4.
Drawing 3.16.
And you're fired.
Ooh, I'm afraid those scores aren't good enough
to move her up to popcorn.
I could have been somebody for worse moments in sports.
With me, it's P.on Sanders.
Better known as part time.
A man equally bad at two sports.
Not part time.
I understand you once returned an interception
100 yards for the Redskins in Washington
in the Super Bowl 17.
That's right.
Only problem is I played for the Dolphins.
Anyway, let's talk more about my baseball career.
You know, I swing a pretty mean bat.
Well, really? How many home runs have you had?
I said I swing a pretty mean bat.
I never said I actually hit anything.
That's all a shame.
Rocky and my Air Jordan.
The shoe maker athletes will become great
in one sport and then abandon it for mediocrity
in another.
Nice, Mike.
If I could sing like Mike.
I want to sing. I want to sing.
TV didn't help at all.
Maybe talking to Monica will make me feel better.
Hey, Monica, I just wanted to make sure
you didn't think anything about that little mistake
I made during the game.
I mean, I wasn't the one who had my skirt tucked
into my tights for a whole day like you did.
Talk about stupid.
No, that wasn't stupid.
Heck, it happened to me once.
I'm the one who's stupid for talking to you.
Like that.
Talking to you like that?
Oh, help!
If you suffer from slippage of the tongue,
get boxed seats.
Boxed seats.
Strong and adhesive.
Gling to your tongue like a hormonal teenager
in a good night's kiss.
What was that?
Look at that cling on power!
Did someone say cling on?
It is highly illogical that a cling on
would be a born-in-face clip.
This is not a spacecraft.
This is a commercial.
It's like you've been out there for years.
Oh, my mistake.
Such a solution.
You can start to have your skirt tucked into your tights.
Now I'm going to have to eat my words.
Oh, my stomach hurts.
I'm all constant and it paited in my vowels.
Then you need incorrect all.
The gentle actative that helps soften the blow
when you're in a bind.
Well, I hope it doesn't start to work
while I'm on a hot air balloon or a long donkey ride.
Oh, wow, that stuff works really fast.
Oh, no, dad's in the bathroom.
Well, and something with Monica was mistake number one.
Taking these pills was mistake number two.
Oh, about what you said earlier.
You know, I realize you've been under a lot of pressure.
Yeah, go ahead and jump on my back
like everybody else.
No, I just thought it was kind of funny that you know.
Yeah, funny, ha, ha.
Go ahead and laugh at me.
You jump on the bandwagon laughing girl.
I'm out of here.
She wish you could have your very own genie.
You could live a life of leisure.
Travel to exotic places.
And life would be one big party.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, man, don't spoil my trip, baby.
Well, your wish is our command.
A dream of genie is splashing down
on the home of classic TV.
Tonight welcomes genie, major human,
Dr. Bellows, General Peterson and major Nelson.
Peace, baby.
Watch a dream of genie starting Monday at 8, 7 central.
A Nick at Night.
Nick at Night knows you wouldn't start war and peace
at page 34.
You wouldn't skip the first half hour of Citizen Kane.
When it comes to classics, you start at the beginning.
That's why when Nick at Night proudly brings back
Bewitched, we start with a classic first episode.
This Monday, the story you grew up with begins again
with a moment as first confession.
I am a witch.
First confusion.
What?
And fateful first cocktail.
I wish I had a drink.
Bewitched is back, starting Monday at 8,
37, 30 central on Nick at Night.
What do you think help is?
I have an idea.
I think helping helps get rid of other people's problems.
It's maybe helping a kid ride his bike.
Even if you don't know him.
Helping makes you feel wanted.
It makes me feel like I'm doing something right.
It's good to help one person in the world.
The world is better.
Can I help you?
If everybody helps out.
Help.
Nickelodeon wants to help.
Get the word out about help.
That's just a great example for help.
Help!
The call can be heard from near and far,
and kids are answering it.
It's Nickelodeon's Legends of the Hidden Temple,
where kids conquer mysterious challenges of mind and body,
scale great heights, and battle mighty foes.
And it's the only show where kids can talk to a rock.
Don't take me for granted.
Need the call.
And watch every weekday at 534-30 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Unfortunately, Blubberman's range of silver powers
doesn't extend to Hawaii.
This is my cat, Binkum.
Don't worry, sweetheart.
I'll just put her in this tree.
I can't.
I'll work with you.
No, I'm not.
I'm actually a big puppy.
Super guy with X-ray eye memes.
And I can tell you one's falling in the corner.
By the way, life's underwear.
You blow this fly around the earth at life's speed
in perfect time.
Would it be okay if I just took the bus?
So let's help.
Ribbler Man is companion blender woman
who keeps bumping her head on her invisible jacks.
I feel like an even bigger loser than that guy.
Casey, honey, it is time for dinner.
Now come on, even big losers who ruin the whole town's dreams
need to eat.
And what, pray tell?
Do you expect me to do with this heap
and helping a hack?
Eat it.
It's your dinner.
Oh, well, why didn't you say so?
Miscalculations with the oven used to make my meals
a pain in the crock pot.
But now I use A1 mistake sauce.
Hey, Ma, could I have some charred bonds
with a side of slowly burning embers?
You betcha.
Uh-uh, no, without a little A1 mistake sauce.
You see, A1 coats your food
with a unique, vangie taste of meat.
Ooh, this is great. What is it?
It's charcoal.
Oh, well, why didn't you say so?
A1 also contains industrial insulation
to line the walls of your stomach
and protect your body
from the harmful elements of really bad cooking.
You mean this has asbestos insulation?
Well, actually, it's fiberglass.
Oh, well, why didn't you say so?
A1 mistakes us because without it,
you're dead meat.
I gotta clean these dirty dishes.
I gotta clean out my colon.
Oh, Casey, honey, go get your father
a new roll of tissue from the hall closet, please.
We're out because Dad has to roll off
five feet of TP and make a big mitten.
Well, then just bring in some paper towels.
Let's face it, your family uses a lot of toilet paper.
And even if you get the jumbo pack,
you're still gonna end up using paper towels.
Well, now you can have scrawny paper towels
at half the size and double the softness
so they don't stand down your flesh like regular paper towels?
Well, I should know. I'm a scrawny man.
My husband doesn't like new things on his butt.
Honey, bring me the scrawny.
Or I'm gonna use one of the guest towels.
That's scrawny paper towels.
The thicker wiper upper.
Hey, aren't you the kid who lost a big game?
What a twerp.
Oh, great.
Even the paper towel salesman thinks I'm a geek.
Mom, I'm going down to the old bridge.
Well, now, if everybody went down to the old bridge,
would you?
No.
Everything would have been okay
if I had just walked in that winning run.
But I wanted Monica to respect me
and not to think I'm a bum.
Well, I hope it had never happened.
Well, maybe I could help.
I'm your guardian angel.
I can't help feeling like a loser
gets a chance to see what the world would have been like
without his mistake.
In the all-time favorite, it's a wonderful life.
I'm not supposed to talk to strangers with wings.
Well, then just look over there.
Hey, it's the big game.
You mean I get a second chance?
Better up.
I'm not just going to walk in this run.
I'm going to knock the cover off the ball.
Centerfield, please.
Looking in the team seat.
Coincidentally, the famous Dr. Heimlich is at the game.
But he was just struck unconscious by total idiot,
K.C. and he did.
That's a ground rule double bypass.
That's a best player and bar.
Was that really what would have happened?
No, I just made all that up.
Nobody gets a second chance.
You still might have a chance with Monica.
Well, how do I know what she's thinking?
Just listen to the song.
You're from your mistakes and go on with your life.
Nobody's perfect.
Besides, we have more important things to think about.
Ooh, it looks like you got the first base after all.
K.C. and he came to you lost the game,
but won the girl's heart.
What are you going to do now?
First, I'm going to say hi to Dominic.
And then I'm going to reprise the theme song
and roll the credit.
And then I'm going to get me so down.
I know I can go down.
Wherever music ends up I never end.
That's only the music you play.
And you know what I'm saying.
If I know that I can find a favorite.
SNCC.
Past Tets.
You have SNCCT, we SNCCT.
They will have SNCCT.
It is Post SNCC.
You can SNCC again next Saturday night
on Nickelodeon.
My name is Edith Anne.
These are true stories by famous children.
My favorite vegetable is C-O-R-N, secrets.
I just began to invent doing a child, and I would go to places, clubs and places where
we worked on comedy, and I would have the audience ask me questions, you know, and
I would just improvise things like, where do babies come from?
I mean, that's a very condescending adult question for a child, and it, of course,
Edith would always say, don't you know, and then I'd tell them, and I'd tell them
exactly when it's correct. Try to tell everybody you know.
Look for Lily Tomlin's new animated Edith and Special, and keep watching for more
true stories from famous people.
I'm Nickelodeon.
Watch me get rich fruity pebbles with new berry glue.
Bro ninjas! Give us your fruity pebbles and you can join us.
Make a ninja? Okay.
Mmm, new berry glue.
The fruity flavor's too. Wait for me!
Oh, Barnaby!
Hate to leave you hanging folks.
Fruity pebble cereal with berry glue, part of this complete breakfast.
Now you can get a Frank Stone's Movie Poster free for your bedrock bedroom.
Yappadamadam!
Oh, Fred.
Free movie poster inside mock boxes of pebbles.
You know that it can't be wrong to be where you belong
in TV land with Nick at night.
It's so right.
Hello.
Very, very.
Don't go.
It's time for very, very, very, very.
Wrap some snacks.
Very, very.
And relax.
Four great shows mean very, very, Nick at night.